Hello my name is Stas and 80
soft club company
so today i decided to tell for
application traffic she rather ask
forgiveness was quite comfortable and
allows you to control your traffic
which you spend on the internet and so
expose number one
but understandably mobile traffic well
let's say the limit for my mobile
cellular I put 500 megabytes
As for wifi, I put well, just
for interest i put five thousand usually
and it happens that I digest it happens that not
reload to remind of reset
and naturally take into account downloads
internet click given so the first thing we
we see it on mobile
we spent traffic that is something with
mobile sim card how many we sit
Internet vayfay also understandable and
the settings are what we changed
gradually you will see a percentage
proportion so quantity but let me
Now I will go to some example site
let's choose apple apple
so fine and now we turn
directly to the traffic
attention 70 this is what we get 700
kilobyte until it turns out there is one
megabyte date 07 700 kilobytes I already
spent as a percentage of you
it will be shown how much traffic you
already spent
and naturally the billing period that is
the first day of the day is left until the end
month 7 and naturally last day
the thirty first number you can reset
do in time so to speak exploitation
programs press 0 and reset either in
the very end of the month if you set here
this is a reminder then you will be push push
they will be allowed to show that update
please traffic here he traffic here push
all included if you don't need it then you
you can turn everything off here and then
that is, well, essentially nothing will happen and
so you can control
how much internet have you spent i hope
that I helped you thanks for being with us
subscribe to our channel put
huskies
visit our social networks and everything
good luck and see you soon